Alias
An alias is a string we can define
that replaces a command name.
Aliases are useful for replacing
commonly-used commands and switches
with a shorter command,
or alias, that we define.
In other words, an alias is a command
that we define ourselves,
built from other commands.
For example, we typically tend
to use ls -la
to display results in a long list,
including hidden files.
Let’s take a look at how we can
use an alias to replace this command:
By defining our own command, lsa,
we can quickly execute ls -la without
having to type any arguments at all.
We can see the list of defined aliases
by running alias without arguments.